# Project: AutoDuster
- Software
	- Figure out what part of the board has stuff written on it and mark it for cleaning.
	- Constraint: Do not clean parts of the board that are already clean
- Hardware
	- Figure it out

---

> [!WARNING]
> Notes incomplete, waiting on slides

### What components might be considered in building an intelligent computer
- Fast hardware
- Secure software
- Image recognition
- Decision Making
- Algorithms
- Examples
	- Chess engines
		- DeepBlue, AlphaZero,
	- Speech interaction, consists of
		- Speech synthesis
		- Speech recognition
		- Speech understanding?

#### Can we build hardware as complex as the brain?
- How complex is our brain
- How complex can we make computers
- Computers learn and adapt


#### Can computers "see"?
- Recognition vs Understanding
	- "Computers only see what we let them see"
	-  Mostly no as computers can see objects under limited circumstances but under certain constrained problems they can see the objects
- Benchmarking a Computer Vision application
	- Dataset => Caltech-101/256

#### AI Applications
- Assisted Driving
	- Self driving cars
		- HW: Look into WAYMO & STANLEY
- Speech Recognition
- Autonomous planning and scheduling
- Text analysis & NLP
	- HW: Do human translators exist behind an AI translator in a conference meeting
- Robotics
	- HW: PackBot
- Mail Spam Detection
	- HW: AI Counselor?
- Computer Vision
	- Action Recognition
	- Object Detection
		- Sniper detection


### What is AI
- What is intelligence?
	- Capacity to think, the ability to learn and understand
	- Acquire knowledge/skills and learn to apply them
- Perspectives of AI
	- Think like a human (horgland, 1983)
	- Act like a human (kurzneil, 1990)
	- Think rationally (winston, 1992)
	- Act rationally (poole, 1998)
- Main dimensions of AI
	- Thought process & Reasoning
	- Behaviour

#### Turning Test
Operational test of intelligent behaviour
- Operator talks to a human and a robot behind a closed room
- Both human and robot take turns talking to the operator
- If the operator is sucessfully fooled for 5 mintues into beliving that it is a human by the robot it has passed the test
- HW: Watch imitation game
- Charecteristics of this test
	- NLP, ML, CV, Robotics

#### AI Should?
- Think humanely
	- Cognitive approach
	- Cognitive science
	- Law of thought approach
		- Obstacles for law of thought
			- Informal knowledge

---
### Hard questions
- Will machines surpass human beings? Should they?
- What will we do with super-intelligent machines?
- Should such machines have conscience existence? Right?
- Should we replace humans with super-humans?
- Can human minds exist indefinitely within machines?